scripts/availability-single-path.md, before:

# Do Anything, If I'm Free

## Hypothesis

Given that many people will pick all issues, and just want to "get involved", if they state their availability they will not decline an event that fits their schedule.

## Metric

When users are sure they can make an event, the conversion rate (expectation: 100%)

## Observations

## Next Steps

## Script

- Welcome to Movement! I'm Alex from the team, here to get you involved. Two quick questions:
- 1. Where do you work, study, live or hang out in London roughly. E.g. Hackney, central or South London.
- 2. Are you free on either Saturday or Sunday afternoon?

> Saturday and Sunday are both established events people have already committed to going to.

## Person is available

- Great! Here's what you can do to get involved.
- The London Renters Union Hackney branch’s next public meeting is on Saturday from 12:00 pm to 2:00 pm, at Roundchapel, 1D Glenarm Rd, E5 0LY. You can talk about any housing problems you face and learn how we can make London a better place for renters.
- Are you in?

## Person isn't available this weekend / in the area we were looking for

> We go back to the normal [availability script](./availability.md)

- Ok, no worries! Tell me three times in the next month you'd be free - something like "Tuesday evenings" or "next Saturday."

Commit message:

Add path: person isn't interested

scripts/availability-single-path.md, after:

# Do Anything, If I'm Free

## Hypothesis

Given that many people will pick all issues, and just want to "get involved", if they state their availability they will not decline an event that fits their schedule.

## Metric

When users are sure they can make an event, the conversion rate (expectation: 100%)

## Observations

## Next Steps

## Script

- Welcome to Movement! I'm Alex from the team, here to get you involved. Two quick questions:
- 1. Where do you work, study, live or hang out in London roughly. E.g. Hackney, central or South London.
- 2. Are you free on either Saturday or Sunday afternoon?

> Saturday and Sunday are both established events people have already committed to going to.

## Person is available

### Saturday
- Great! Here's what you can do to get involved.
- The London Renters Union Hackney branch’s next public meeting is on Saturday from 12:00 pm to 2:00 pm, at Roundchapel, 1D Glenarm Rd, E5 0LY. You can talk about any housing problems you face and learn how we can make London a better place for renters.
- Are you in?

### Sunday
- Great! Here's what you can do to get involved.
- Streets Kitchen are a group operating all across London that does daily outreaches of food, clothing and information. It is organised and run by volunteers, many of whom have been homeless and used a Streets Kitchen service themselves. To have food is a basic human right, and Streets Kitchen fulfils that right.
- On Sunday they'll be giving out warm food and drinks for Jamming For Change, outside Shoreditch High Street station. What it involves is preparing meals and then handing them out. They are an extremely friendly bunch, always looking for help, and will show you how to do everything.
- Are you up for meeting them at *3.50pm on Sunday* to get involved?

### Person isn't interested in the event

- Ok, no worries at all 🙂
- In a moment I'll show you 3 major issues in Hackney right now. Then you can say which issue you want to fix and then we will give you all the info you need to get involved!
- Sound good?

> Send them to the [localised issues](./localising-issues.md) flow.

## Person isn't available this weekend / in the area we were looking for

> We go back to the normal [availability script](./availability.md)

- Ok, no worries! Tell me three times in the next month you'd be free - something like "Tuesday evenings" or "next Saturday."
