scripts/localising-issues.md, before:

# Localised Issues

## Hypothesis

Localising issues will improve progress through the pipeline.

## Metric

More users get past the issue list and further on in the pipeline.

## Observations

This seems more successful than the pathway than the list of "problem areas" the the [original script](./script.md). People in the "problem areas" tended to give all of them and even supplement them with additional terms, so this was not useful for making a match. It also shows that at this stage our users are interested in helping out with anything.

We get a stronger signal of preference here, which suggests to us the user would be more inclined to go as there is a higher affinity between the user and the group.

## Next Steps

We've made the decision to run this script again with another few users and see if we can move things along further.

## Script

- Welcome to Movement! I'm Alex from the team, here to get you started.
- What we need to start off is where you work, study, live or hang out in London roughly. For example, you might say Hackney, anywhere in central or South London. We will match you with 3 major issues in that area right now. Then you can say which issue you want to fix and then we will give you all the info you need to get involved!
- Are you up for it? If not let us know and we can try something else to get you involved. 🙂

## Local Issues To Highlight

- _Rent is Just Too High_ - East London is bad. In Hackney for example people spent on average 140% of their take home pay on rent.
- _Hackney Council Declares Climate Emergency_ - It's the hottest February on record compared to the coldest last year - that we need to get serious about climate change.
- _End Homelessness in Hackney_ - Hackney is one of the ten worst areas in the UK for homelessness.

packet two

- _Hackney Council Declares Climate Emergency_ - It was the hottest February on record compared to the coldest last year - that we need to get serious about climate change.
- _Stop the Far Right_ - Brexit is happening and this sadly means the far-right are mobilising on the street.
- _It's Over A Decade Since The Financial Crisis_ - And too little has changed.


# Person picked an option


## Person picked RENT

- Ok, here's what you can do.
- The London Renters Union agrees that the rent is too high. Londoners face the highest rents in Europe. Many of us live with the threat of eviction or in unsafe housing.
- So how do you feel about coming along to the Hackney branch’s next public meeting? It’s this *Saturday from 12:00 pm - 2:00 pm, at Roundchapel, 1D Glenarm Rd, E5 0LY*. You can talk about any housing problems you face and learn how we can make London a better place for renters.

## Person wasn't keen on "politics", so we suggest something broader but still what we consider political
- We sent a specific event and asked if they were interested.
## Person wasn't from our Area of Operation (London)

**Hypothesis: by spelling out how committed we are to hooking them up, they will feel a commitment to reflect the efforts, and will not flake**
**Hypothesis: repeating "get involved" will callback to the core job in peoples' heads, and will be more effective than annoying**

- Hey, we're really sorry we've taken so long to reply.
- As you know this is a prototype service and we're currently focused on London.
- But we were excited that people from outside the area were getting involved. Since we're all activists in the office, we figured we'd be able to get in touch with friends in Liverpool who could make recommendations really quickly.
- But it's taking a bit longer than expected! We're really determined to get you involved and learn how we can do this from a distance. We'll get back to you really soon, but meanwhile it'd be really useful to know where you heard about Movement?

## Person picked an issue with sparse events (e.g. rent)

- Ok, here's what you can do.
- [How the group agrees with your issue] [their political line]
- So how do you feel about coming along to [event and details]. You can [functional and progress jobs done by going to the event].
- [describe the organisers composition]

## Person picked an issue with regular volunteer options

- "Tell me more about the homelessness project?"
    [practical function of relevant group (e.g. Streets Kitchen give out food)]
    [composition and context of group (e.g. volunteers)]
    [political function of group (e.g. Streets Kitchen fulfills the rights of people to eat)]

    e.g. "Ok. Streets Kitchen are a group operating all across London that does daily outreaches of food, clothing and information. It is organised and run by volunteers, many of whom have been homeless and used a Streets Kitchen service themselves. To have food is a basic human right, and Streets Kitchen fulfils that right."

- The recommendation
    [what are they doing and where — event / series of events / the next few events]
    What it involves is [???].
    [Social proof] They are an extremely friendly bunch and we've already matched some people in Movement with them.

    e.g. "They are doing a kitchen on Saturday in Hackney, then another on Sunday. What it involves is preparing meals and then handing them out. They are an extremely friendly bunch and we've already matched some people in Movement with them."

### User was interested in volunteering
- Yes, definitely! They're always in need of volunteers.
- On Sunday they'll be giving out warm food and drinks for _Jamming For Change_, outside Shoreditch High Street station. They'll show you what to do and you could even bring an instrument to join in the jam.
- Are you game to meet them at *3.50pm on Sunday* to get involved?

Commit message:

Add issues list with specific dates

scripts/localising-issues.md, after:

# Localised Issues

## Hypothesis

Localising issues will improve progress through the pipeline.

## Metric

More users get past the issue list and further on in the pipeline.

## Observations

This seems more successful than the pathway than the list of "problem areas" the the [original script](./script.md). People in the "problem areas" tended to give all of them and even supplement them with additional terms, so this was not useful for making a match. It also shows that at this stage our users are interested in helping out with anything.

We get a stronger signal of preference here, which suggests to us the user would be more inclined to go as there is a higher affinity between the user and the group.

## Next Steps

We've made the decision to run this script again with another few users and see if we can move things along further.

## Script

- Welcome to Movement! I'm Alex from the team, here to get you started.
- What we need to start off is where you work, study, live or hang out in London roughly. For example, you might say Hackney, anywhere in central or South London. We will match you with 3 major issues in that area right now. Then you can say which issue you want to fix and then we will give you all the info you need to get involved!
- Are you up for it? If not let us know and we can try something else to get you involved. 🙂

## Local Issues To Highlight

#### packet 1

- _Rent is Just Too High_ - East London is bad. In Hackney for example people spent on average 140% of their take home pay on rent.
- _Hackney Council Declares Climate Emergency_ - It's the hottest February on record compared to the coldest last year - that we need to get serious about climate change.
- _End Homelessness in Hackney_ - Hackney is one of the ten worst areas in the UK for homelessness.

#### packet two

- _Hackney Council Declares Climate Emergency_ - It was the hottest February on record compared to the coldest last year - that we need to get serious about climate change.
- _Stop the Far Right_ - Brexit is happening and this sadly means the far-right are mobilising on the street.
- _It's Over A Decade Since The Financial Crisis_ - And too little has changed.

#### packet three — house always wins, with event dates specified

1. This Saturday: Save Riddley Road Markets - This vital community asset is being threatened with closure, yet another case of gentrification.
2. This Sunday: Fight back against racism - Sadly lots of far-right activity is expected the next few weeks, accelerated by Brexit. Whatever your views on Brexit, fascists on our streets make us all unsafe.
3. On Sunday 7th April: Rent is Just Too High - East London is bad. In Hackney for example people spent on average 140% of their take home pay on rent.

# Person picked an option


## Person picked RENT

- Ok, here's what you can do.
- The London Renters Union agrees that the rent is too high. Londoners face the highest rents in Europe. Many of us live with the threat of eviction or in unsafe housing.
- So how do you feel about coming along to the Hackney branch’s next public meeting? It’s this *Saturday from 12:00 pm - 2:00 pm, at Roundchapel, 1D Glenarm Rd, E5 0LY*. You can talk about any housing problems you face and learn how we can make London a better place for renters.

## Person wasn't keen on "politics", so we suggest something broader but still what we consider political
- We sent a specific event and asked if they were interested.
## Person wasn't from our Area of Operation (London)

**Hypothesis: by spelling out how committed we are to hooking them up, they will feel a commitment to reflect the efforts, and will not flake**
**Hypothesis: repeating "get involved" will callback to the core job in peoples' heads, and will be more effective than annoying**

- Hey, we're really sorry we've taken so long to reply.
- As you know this is a prototype service and we're currently focused on London.
- But we were excited that people from outside the area were getting involved. Since we're all activists in the office, we figured we'd be able to get in touch with friends in Liverpool who could make recommendations really quickly.
- But it's taking a bit longer than expected! We're really determined to get you involved and learn how we can do this from a distance. We'll get back to you really soon, but meanwhile it'd be really useful to know where you heard about Movement?

## Person picked an issue with sparse events (e.g. rent)

- Ok, here's what you can do.
- [How the group agrees with your issue] [their political line]
- So how do you feel about coming along to [event and details]. You can [functional and progress jobs done by going to the event].
- [describe the organisers composition]

## Person picked an issue with regular volunteer options

- "Tell me more about the homelessness project?"
    [practical function of relevant group (e.g. Streets Kitchen give out food)]
    [composition and context of group (e.g. volunteers)]
    [political function of group (e.g. Streets Kitchen fulfills the rights of people to eat)]

    e.g. "Ok. Streets Kitchen are a group operating all across London that does daily outreaches of food, clothing and information. It is organised and run by volunteers, many of whom have been homeless and used a Streets Kitchen service themselves. To have food is a basic human right, and Streets Kitchen fulfils that right."

- The recommendation
    [what are they doing and where — event / series of events / the next few events]
    What it involves is [???].
    [Social proof] They are an extremely friendly bunch and we've already matched some people in Movement with them.

    e.g. "They are doing a kitchen on Saturday in Hackney, then another on Sunday. What it involves is preparing meals and then handing them out. They are an extremely friendly bunch and we've already matched some people in Movement with them."

### User was interested in volunteering
- Yes, definitely! They're always in need of volunteers.
- On Sunday they'll be giving out warm food and drinks for _Jamming For Change_, outside Shoreditch High Street station. They'll show you what to do and you could even bring an instrument to join in the jam.
- Are you game to meet them at *3.50pm on Sunday* to get involved?
